doc/nrf/../fota: documented auto confirmation of direct-XIP image (#17419)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bootloaders and DFU
===================

* Added: 

  * Documentation for :ref:`qspi_xip_split_image` functionality.
  * A section in the sysbuild-related migration guide about the migration of :ref:`child_parent_to_sysbuild_migration_qspi_xip` from child/parent image to sysbuild.
 

> * Updated the procedure for signing the application image built for booting by MCUboot in directXIP mode with revert support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the procedure for signing the application image built for booting by MCUboot in direct-xip mode with revert support.
```

> * Updated the procedure for signing the application image built for booting by MCUboot in directXIP mode with revert support.

Reviewer 2: Should "directXIP" be written as "DirectXIP"?

Reviewer: I've been wondering about it and don't have a 100% answer, mostly because we have yet another spelling we use in our documentation (most commonly direct-xip). In Zephyr documentation and other external pages it is, in fact, commonly written as DirectXIP, capitalized.

Reviewer 2: It seems in the doc https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-17419/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf52/fota_update.html, "direct-xip" is consistently used. To align with our documentation, it would be advisable to maintain consistency.

I've noticed two different styles being used in this PR, hence pointed out.

Reviewer: It's either align it with our documentation or update all other occurrences, so agreed, let's align it for now. Added once again the initial suggestions

> * Added documentation for :ref:`qspi_xip_split_image` functionality.
> * Added a section in the sysbuild-related migration guide about the migration of :ref:`child_parent_to_sysbuild_migration_qspi_xip` from child/parent image to sysbuild.
> * Removed secure bootloader Kconfig ``CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_DEBUG`` and replaced with usage of logging subsystem.
> * Siggned applcation image intel-hex file built along with MCUBoot in diret-XPI with revert mode gets confirmation flag automatically. No need for dedicated builds for flashing the device and ubdate the device anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added: 
  
  * Documentation for :ref:`qspi_xip_split_image` functionality.
  * A section in the sysbuild-related migration guide about the migration of :ref:`child_parent_to_sysbuild_migration_qspi_xip` from child/parent image to sysbuild.
 
* Updated the signed application image in Intel HEX format to include MCUBoot in direct-xip mode with the revert support, ensuring it automatically receives a confirmation flag.
  This adjustment eliminates the need for separate builds for device flashing and updates.

* Removed secure bootloader Kconfig ``CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT_DEBUG`` and replaced with usage of logging subsystem.
```

Edited the structure of the entire section. Please double-check the meaning of the "updated" item

Author: the middle sentence meaning differs, let's rephrase:
```
Updated the procedure of signing of the application image which is build for being booted by MCUboot in directXIP mode with revert support, so the application image Intel-Hex fil automatically receives a confirmation flag.
```

Reviewer: Noted, thanks! Would it be okay to rephrase it like that (?)

Updated the procedure for signing the application image built for booting by MCUboot in directXIP mode with revert support. 
Now, the Intel-Hex file of the application image automatically receives a confirmation flag.

Author: Taht's works, thanks!
